ft/CMS SEO (#233)
CodeForAfrica/ui: apps/codeforafrica/content/settings/general.md

---

> site:
>   title: Code for Africa
>   description: Thoughts, stories and ideas
> seo:
>   title: Code for Africa
>   description: " Thoughts, stories and ideas."
>   twitter:
>     handle: "@Code4Africa"
>     site: "@Code4Africa"
>   title-template: "%s | CFA"
>   open-graph:
>     title: " Code for Africa"
>     description: Thoughts, stories and ideas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
site:
  title: Code for Africa
  description: Code for Africa is the continent’s largest network of civic technology and data journalism labs, with teams in more than 20 countries.
seo:
  twitter:
    handle: "@Code4Africa"
    site: "@Code4Africa"
  title-template: "%s | Code for Africa"
```
